Now it's time to create the actual endpoint to get to the authenticated user.
This will be a different endpoint.
It's not a post mapping.
In this case we are just getting information so we do not have a payload.
It will be just a request and and the others associated with it.
So get mapping.
We are mapping now, we are going to have get mapping.
It will be HTP get endpoint value, it will be user.
Oh, it's the same one that we defined in the interceptor before.
So we're in the Web MVC configuration.
So we are saying that the intercept that applies to this path, this is the path that's going to apply
to.
Okay.
Get mapping value user public.
Use a response.
User.
Same structure that we've been following so far and we are going to need the server request.
Your HTP servlet request.
Scarlett request.
And what we did in the last video was to define already defined to to put in place the interceptor that
will allow me to get the user from the request.
To do.
So what we are going to to do is simply var user.
User.
And from the request.
Get adequate.
User.
Import class.
It's my user, the one that I define it.
And we return.
And you use the response.
I don't have it funded yet, so my user response will be exactly the same as my register response.
For the moment.
So I use the same butter.
Use a response and return the response.
User dots.
Get ID.
User ID.
Get first name.
User.
Get last name.
User get email.
And that closes.
So my end point is here.
We launched the application.
And I will call my API user.
So I have an issue here.
Yes, it is.
No, let me login.
Let me copy this authenticated user.
I have my bare.
Okay.
And I need to add my token after the better.
I still have an issue here.
So let's check and debug what is happening.
Using his new means that most likely my interceptor is not working.
Okay.
This part is wrong.
Is API.
Uh, slash user.
Okay.
It is correct, Beth, but I have an issue with.
The issue here.
Why?
Because I checked, I copied the refresh token and not the access token.
That's why I'm having this issue.
Which is good.
Is that your application is.
Doing well know is good.
Oh, does this work?
And it.
These interceptors are not easy to understand.
We launched the application in your big mode.
And I will put a debug here.
And I will put debug on my interceptor.
And when running in your book, what will see?
When I send my request, it will stop in the interceptor.
The letter is running before everything else, even before the request is sent to slash user or to slash
logging, whatever it goes.
The interceptor is run.
In the next step is here.
And if I look now in my request.
In my attributes I will show briefly in.
I feel it expression.
I think tourism attributes that returns all of them.
Okay.
We have.
A lot of attributes here, but we have users.
So in my request I added this attribute.
That's.
I need it.
And this is how it works.
So we define it basically one method that we run before any other end points.
And this is usually the place where we put some of these security constraints that are used and across
all other methods.
So if this same user information would be needed in other endpoints, you just have to do exactly the
same and you let the information available in the HTP request.